Policy

Respect for one another's need for access

Calvin College is a community where all members are expected to act in
their neighbor's best interest. No enfranchised user may appropriate
information technology resources that interfere with the educational,
research, or service activities of the college or the administration
thereof.

Examples of technology appropriation which do not respect one another's
need for access include but are not limited to:

Anything that negatively affects the college's network bandwidth (e.g.,
running any program that generates a large volume of network traffic)

Destruction or potential destruction of resources by the use, ownership,
or distribution of viruses, worms, Trojan horses, spam, spyware, chain
email or other destructive programs Respect for one another's values
and feelings

New technologies often increase our ability to communicate as well as
miscommunicate. That communication should demonstrate respect for others
and a sense of personal integrity. Ephesians 4:29 is applicable here:
"Do not let any unwholesome talk come out of your mouths, but only what
is helpful for building others up according to their needs, that it may
benefit those who listen." Thus, communication that degrades or harasses
individuals or groups is unacceptable.

The need to communicate with respect and integrity is particularly
important in our contacts with those outside of Calvin College. Our
communications will reflect not only on the college but also on our
witness as Christians.

Examples of technology use that do not respect one another’s values and
feelings include but are not limited to:

Messages that intimidate, harass, threaten or embarrass (e.g., email,
IM, voicemail, web pages, web logs)

Respect for one another's property

Theft or unauthorized use of tangible property, intellectual property,
college data, or college information technology resources will not be
tolerated. Such theft is both unethical and illegal, and can subject
both the individual as well as the college to prosecution.

Examples of technology use that do not respect one another's property
include but are not limited to:

Unauthorized copying of copyrighted software (software piracy), documents,
and intellectual property including music and movies

Unauthorized access of someone else's account

Unauthorized access of any of the college's information technology
resources

The unauthorized sending of messages or publishing of information under
someone else's username

Using college information technology resources for illegal, commercial,
profit-making, or any other purposes other than those approved by
the college

Granting access to the college's information technology resources
to non-enfranchised users (e.g., giving out your password so an
unenfranchised user can access the college's information technology
resources)

Use of unauthorized software or devices on the college network that
bypass the college's network security, interfere with the operations of
the college network or provide unauthorized services on the network.
(e.g., switches, hubs, repeaters, wireless access points, modems -
For additional clarification please see Appendix A.)

Respect for one another's privacy

Respect for others also means a respect for their privacy. Any
unauthorized access to other's files, electronic mail, voicemail or
other communications is not permitted. Likewise, unauthorized access
into restricted system files is not permitted.

Examples of technology use that do not respect one another's privacy
include but are not limited to:

Unauthorized tapping of telephones or network transmissions including
wireless transmission (e.g., running network sniffers, keystroke loggers)

Obtaining, possessing, using, or attempting to use someone else's
password, PIN, PAC, voicemail ID or other electronic communications

The transfer of ownership and/or granting access to your personal
information technology accounts. Individual technology accounts are for
the exclusive use of their owners

The stewardly use of the college's information technologies

We are stewards of technology; therefore God requires accountability in
our use of these gifts.

Examples of technology use that do not represent a stewardly use of the
college's information technologies include but are not limited to:

Using large amounts of fileserver space (e.g., storing a large number
of personal mp3s, digital images, etc. that do not pertain to the
educational, research, or service activities of the college or the
administration thereof)

Misuse of printers and printer supplies (e.g., printing extensive source
materials such as entire chapters of books, taking paper from labs for
personal use)

Misuse of email (e.g., sending email to the entire campus for any purpose
including spam, spyware, chain email, etc.)  The storing, accessing and
dissemination of information

As a community of individuals, Calvin College strives to balance an
individual's right to personal privacy against the community's need to
collect information for accountability, assessment, security, and other
purposes. Calvin College classifies information using the following
categories:

Sensitive information: Information in this category should not be
distributed without consideration of its sensitive nature. (See
Appendix B)

Private information is personal information that is accessible only by
its owner and those to whom they entrust it, except under exceptional
circumstances.

Confidential information is normally treated as private, but may be
accessed by authorized members of the College community under limited
additional circumstances.

Community information is distributed to the College community.

Public Information: Information in this category is distributed without
restriction. (See Appendix B).
